README.md, before:

# eslint-config-target-es

ESLint shareable config to activate [eslint-plugin-es-x] checks based on [browserslist] browser targets and [MDN browser compatibility data].

## Installation

Generally you'll install this via your package manager, e.g.

```
npm install --save-dev eslint eslint-plugin-es-x @automattic/eslint-config-target-es
```

## Usage

First, you'll probably want to set up a [browserslist] configuration.

Then you can use this like any other sharable config in your `.eslintrc.*` file. Three configurations are offered.

To check only for language features, such as nullish coalescing, your eslintrc might look like
```js
{
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/language' ],
}
```

To check only for builtins, such as Promise, WeakRef, and various features of RegExp, your eslintrc might look like
```js
{
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/builtins' ],
}
```

To check both, your eslintrc might look like
```js
{
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/all' ],
}
```

For least surprise, omitting any suffix is the same as `/all`.

### Checking built files

If you want to check your built files to make sure you didn't omit transpiling any packages that need transpiling, you might create a `validate-es.config.js` like this
```js
module.exports = {
	root: true,
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/language' ],
	env: {
		// Whatever environments you need.
	},
};
```
and then run eslint like
```
eslint --no-eslintrc --no-inline-config --config validate-es.config.js --no-ignore build/
```
to avoid your standard eslintrc and eslintignore and to avoid errors from any inline directives.

### Advanced usage

You can import or require `@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/functions` to gain access to some functions that can be used to build your own configuration.

As browserslist and MDN use different browser codes, `getBrowsers( { query: } )` will take a browserslist query and return an object with the MDN browser codes and the minimum matched version for each.

`getRules( { query:, builtins: } )` will return the rules config. Set `builtins` true for "builtins", false for "language", or null/undefined for "all".

## Security

Need to report a security vulnerability? Go to [https://automattic.com/security/](https://automattic.com/security/) or directly to our security bug bounty site [https://hackerone.com/automattic](https://hackerone.com/automattic).

## License

eslint-config-target-es is licensed under [GNU General Public License v2 (or later)](./LICENSE.txt)

--

[eslint-plugin-es-x]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-es-x
[browserslist]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/browserslist
[MDN browser compatibility data]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mdn/browser-compat-data

Commit message:

eslint-config-target-es: Improve use of MDN data (#31658)
Preeviously we had been doing the bare minimum: we only looked at the
`version_added` field for the most recent support statement for each
feature, compared against the lowest version for each browser returned
from browserslist. Mostly that works, but there are some edge cases it
could miss (e.g. multiple active branches of a browser where something
was added in 9.6 in the 9.x branch and 10.2 in the 10.x branch).

Also, while we had been considering `partial_implementation` as
indicating that the rule should still be enabled, we weren't doing the
same for `flags` or `prefix` or `alternative_name` which are even more
likely to indicate a potential lack of support.

With this PR we now look at all the support statements, consider
`version_removed` in each, and take note of `flags` and `prefix` and
`alternative_name` when those are present.

Committed via a GitHub action: https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/actions/runs/5444371136

README.md, after:

# eslint-config-target-es

ESLint shareable config to activate [eslint-plugin-es-x] checks based on [browserslist] browser targets and [MDN browser compatibility data].

## Installation

Generally you'll install this via your package manager, e.g.

```
npm install --save-dev eslint eslint-plugin-es-x @automattic/eslint-config-target-es
```

## Usage

First, you'll probably want to set up a [browserslist] configuration.

Then you can use this like any other sharable config in your `.eslintrc.*` file. Three configurations are offered.

To check only for language features, such as nullish coalescing, your eslintrc might look like
```js
{
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/language' ],
}
```

To check only for builtins, such as Promise, WeakRef, and various features of RegExp, your eslintrc might look like
```js
{
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/builtins' ],
}
```

To check both, your eslintrc might look like
```js
{
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/all' ],
}
```

For least surprise, omitting any suffix is the same as `/all`.

### Checking built files

If you want to check your built files to make sure you didn't omit transpiling any packages that need transpiling, you might create a `validate-es.config.js` like this
```js
module.exports = {
	root: true,
	extends: [ '@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/language' ],
	env: {
		// Whatever environments you need.
	},
};
```
and then run eslint like
```
eslint --no-eslintrc --no-inline-config --config validate-es.config.js --no-ignore build/
```
to avoid your standard eslintrc and eslintignore and to avoid errors from any inline directives.

### Advanced usage

You can import or require `@automattic/eslint-config-target-es/functions` to gain access to some functions that can be used to build your own configuration.

As browserslist and MDN use different browser codes, `getAllBrowsers( { query: } )` will take a browserslist query and return an object with the MDN browser codes and the matched versions for each.

`getRules( { query:, builtins: } )` will return the rules config. Set `builtins` true for "builtins", false for "language", or null/undefined for "all".

### Caveats

Some browsers supported by browserslist are not availble in the MDN data (e.g. Opera Mini) or are no longer being updated (e.g. Internet Explorer). In cases like these where no data is available, features are assumed to be supported. Set the environment variable `DEBUG=@automattic/eslint-config-target-es:warn` to generate messages when this happens.

## Security

Need to report a security vulnerability? Go to [https://automattic.com/security/](https://automattic.com/security/) or directly to our security bug bounty site [https://hackerone.com/automattic](https://hackerone.com/automattic).

## License

eslint-config-target-es is licensed under [GNU General Public License v2 (or later)](./LICENSE.txt)

--

[eslint-plugin-es-x]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-es-x
[browserslist]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/browserslist
[MDN browser compatibility data]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mdn/browser-compat-data
